more fields have been exported (#2072)
tinacms/tinacms: .changeset/nice-cooks-camp.md

---
'@tinacms/toolkit': minor
'react-tinacms-editor': minor
---

> More fields have been exported so that they can be used in field plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export Blocks, Group List, List, HTML and Markdown fields so that they can be used in field plugins.
```
